# Aereor
Our planet has to maintain a certain optimum temperature to sustain life. Climate change is a net rise or fall in the temperature of earth. In recent years a sharp rise in average temperature has been detected and is projected to continue in its ascent. Climate change manifests in the form of melting glaciers leading to rising sea levels, extreme weather conditions, extinction of many species, to name a few. One of the most dangerous aspects of climate change is its long incubation period. It takes decades to actually see the effects of global warming. Many people still don’t believe in its authenticity and hence are not actively devoting resources to curb its progress. However to prevent the planet from burning out in the near future, we have to start taking urgent action now. To create awareness and share the concerning research is the need of the hour. This is where we utilize the concept of a think tank. A think tank is a body of experts who suggest solutions to socio-economic problems. It is especially beneficial to people in regions where the research hasn’t quite reached practical levels. A think tank mostly concentrates on providing feasible solutions and doesn’t further theoretical work. Aereor is a user-friendly webapp which aims to utilize this concept to take global climate action. Its basic objective is to provide a well-functioning, free platform for people to submit their climate issues and receive information about technologies they can use to combat the issue. It can be accessed with even a basic internet browser which makes it very widely usable. Innovators in underdeveloped countries can access technologies from developed countries. The seeker will have a host of sustainable models to choose from a vast arena of ideas. 



